h1. rah_test_php

p. Rah_test_php has been replaced by more powerful "rah_terminal":https://github.com/gocom/rah_terminal plugin. Rah_terminal packs in all the features that rah_test_php and rah_sql_query had, and even more. It arguably even has a better name. As the project is superseded by rah_terminal, no future updates will be provided. All users are encouraged to update to the newer plugin if possible.

p. You are of course free to keep using what you have now, too. The plugin doesn't self-destruct or anything like that. It will work until it gets outdated and breaks, because of compatibility issues.

h2. The old description

p. Rah_test_php allows "Textpattern's":http://www.textpattern.com site authors to execute PHP code via an admin-side interface. Just a simple field to put your code in and a button to run the code. Reports resulting values and potential error messages.

h2. List of features

* Allows you to run PHP scripts directly from Textpattern's backend.
* Simple and clean admin-side interface.

h2. Requirements

* Textpattern v4.4.1 or newer.

h2. Installation and usage

p. The general behavior stands: paste plugin code to the plugin installer textarea and run the automatic setup. Activate the plugin, and the new rah_test_php's _Execute PHP_ tab is created under _Extensions_.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.3 - upcoming

* CSRF protection.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2011/06/05

* Added: confirmation dialog before executing the provided script.
* Added: language string support. Now TextPacks can be used to translate the admin-side interface.
* Added: options link to the admin-side interface.
* Added: Markup changes, added rah_ui class selectors to the elements for easier theming.
* Changed: no longer uses TXP's @php()@ function nor includes @publish.php@.
* Now requires Textpattern version 4.0.7 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2008/07/27

* Initial release.